hi everyone today I cannot make a very
easy quick and price good I kind of made
a 8 Prine got just basic I have bright
eyes and I have a creepy a priest a song
and a piece of sugar and 1 teaspoon of a
different level and 38 that's it for the
prior ingredient for me that the basic
one but it tastes very good and also i
canna soap with the career path and a
big supper with the oysters so let's go
with the pride I i can add it in the
bowl when it now let's let's start to
hook the rider you have all right Hannah
McDonald
3tbsp aha Oh
Oh
and for me basically I lighting I don't
need to apply valid because too much on
it has good I can make it
fall semester how I Nicolas Petrou a
little bit of a pistol too and a little
bit your backside raw food
go down low heat a little bit if our
backsides off like a polite a little bit
so now I'm going to add a layer half
teaspoon offer you've been to labor
because the whole people it's going to
be maybe two starting for each party so
a little bit Nava to cool about happy
food and a little bit of strong a little
bit of super don't need to be sweet just
got a little bit of black pepper and sea
yep
to make it less interference by the type
they're good drinky I already talked
that's why I ever after arise
yeah you need some more salt and a
famosa for me that's good enough to me
for the party Jacoby come at it with the
public capital vessels and half real
part for ever good enough for me to
catch their good not a visitor
it has very good not much ingredient but
type device and half
how i marinate with the a little bit of
soul sister and black soy sauce and bang
great van
now with the ready to search for the
crime hii sopita clear path and harvest
a baby the oyster sir I hope you liked
the video and try not much ingredient
but it has very good for the pride I for
everything it has very good and less
visible not even three dolla so like pop
just a little bit apart and age and I
have like a stage like two or three
people so these are very good good
Baptist and not high school to altered
from the logical yeah and only take
about 10 minutes not even 10 minute for
the prior I and vegetable but for no
clear path about maybe 15 minute pot put
in the toaster than real the small one a
so I hope you will enjoy the widow and
thank you for watching bye bye